# In detail, please describe your app and how it integrates with Spotify.
Song Tagger for Spotify allows users to organize their Spotify music library. Users can assign tags to liked songs or songs of liked playlists. A tag can be anything the user wants, examples include music-genres, languages and user-specific song properties (e.g. where do I know this song from). Tags can be freely created and assigned by the user.

These tags can then be used to generate playlists with "Playlist Generators". For example one could generate a playlist out of all songs which are tagged with the "pop" tag and whenever a new song is tagged with "pop" the playlist is automatically updated (after running the playlist generator).

Playlist Generators offer a wide range of operations represented by nodes which can be combined. This flexibility allows for a broad range of applications.
Some examples:
- Create your own version of a playlist you like (and don't have editing rights). Any updates to the original playlists are also updated in your own version.
- Combine playlists that are regularly filled with new music 
   - combine the top 50 charts of multiple countries without the duplicates from songs that are top 50 in multiple countries.
   - combine playlists generated for you (e.g. Discover Weekly and Release Radar) to have all your new music in one playlist.
- automatically create playlists with all songs in your library that were released in a decade (e.g. create your own 90s playlist from all songs between 1990-1999 in your Spotify library)


# Please provide us with a link to a testable app.
Download either the installer (SongTaggerForSpotify-Installer.msi) or the portable version (SongTaggerForSpotify-Portable.zip) from https://github.com/BenediktAlkin/SongTaggerForSpotify/releases
- Installer: allow unknown publisher --> click through the setup program
- Portable: extract the zip folder --> run SongTaggerForSpotify.exe


# Which OAuth scopes does your app use?
user-read-playback-state
Display what song the user is currently listening to and the progress of the song

user-modify-playback-state
Allow the user to play a song in an open Spotify Client and modify the progress of the song.
Allow the user to control the volume.

playlist-modify-public
All actions for this scope are only used on playlists that were generated by a Playlist Generator. Manually created playlists by the user will never be modified.
Add/Remove tracks to a playlist (according to a Playlist Generator)
Follow a playlist in case the user unfollows it.
Change the name in case the user renames it.

playlist-modify-private
All actions for this scope are only used on playlists that were generated by a Playlist Generator. Manually created playlists by the user will never be modified.
Add/Remove tracks to a playlist (according to a Playlist Generator)
Follow a playlist in case the user unfollows it.
Change the name in case the user renames it.

playlist-read-private
Get the current users playlists and their tracks

playlist-read-collaborative
Get the current users playlists and their tracks

user-library-read
Get the current users liked tracks

user-read-email
Get the users name (for showing which user is logged in), product (for disabling functionality that is only available for Spotify Premium users) and country (for track linking)

user-read-private
Get the users name (for showing which user is logged in), product (for disabling functionality that is only available for Spotify Premium users) and country (for track linking)